# MASTER SERVICES AGREEMENT
This Master Services Agreement (this **“Agreement”**) is made as of the last signature date affixed hereto (**“Effective Date”**) by and between NextGen Cooperative LLC (**“NextGen”**) and the client identified below (**“Client”**) (each, a **“Party,”** and collectively the **“Parties”**).	

**GENERAL BACKGROUND.** NextGen provides services related to web and application design, development, and maintenance, as well as data analytics and social media brand building (**“Services”**). Client seeks to hire NextGen to provide Services, and NextGen agrees to perform Services, under the following terms and conditions:

* **PERFORMANCE OF SERVICES.**
  * **Services.** NextGen shall perform Services as specified in one or more work statements in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A (each a **“Work Statement”**), which shall specifically reference this Agreement. Upon execution, a Work Statement will become part of this Agreement. 
  * **Change Orders.** The Parties may modify a Work Statement in one or more change orders in the form attached hereto as Exhibit B or through an online form provided by NextGen (each a **“Change Order”**), which shall specifically reference both the respective Work Statement and this Agreement. Upon execution, a Change Order will become part of the respective Work Statement. 

	•	Maintenance. For a period of one (1) year following the Acceptance of all Deliverables set forth in the respective Work Statement, NextGen will offer twenty-five (25) hours of free support for maintenance tasks, bugfixes, and other improvements within the scope of Services described in the Work Statement (“Maintenance”). If NextGen believes that requested Maintenance is likely to extend past the free twenty-five (25) hours of service, it will notify Client and a new Work Statement may be executed. 

	•	Subcontractors. NextGen may, at its sole discretion, engage one or more subcontractors to perform Services hereunder. NextGen shall be responsible for paying any subcontractor, and shall secure written obligations of confidentiality that are substantially the same as those undertaken by the Parties under Section 6.  

	•	CLIENT OBLIGATIONS. Client shall do the following: 

	•	Respond promptly to all requests from NextGen for instructions, information, or approvals reasonably required by NextGen to fulfill its obligations under this Agreement.  

	•	Provide to NextGen all information and cooperation reasonably necessary for NextGen’s performance of Services, including any audio, visual, or other content, interfaces, designs, domain names, source and object codes, and passcodes (“Client Materials”). If at any time during the term of this agreement, there are changes to any Client Materials, the Client will inform NextGen of this new information within 15 business days.


	•	DELIVERY AND ACCEPTANCE.

	•	Delivery. NextGen shall deliver to Client all documents, software, and other work product set forth in the respective Work Statement, along with all reasonably necessary access and use instructions (each item a “Deliverable”, collectively “Deliverables”, and the provision of such Deliverables, “Delivery”) in an electronic form as may be reasonably determined by NextGen. NextGen shall provide Deliverables in source code and binary code form if applicable. NextGen shall use commercially reasonable efforts to provide Deliverables on or before the estimated date(s) set forth in the respective Work Statement (“Estimated Date(s) of Delivery”); provided, however, that Client agrees that such Estimated Date(s) of Delivery are mere projections and that NextGen shall have no liability to Client for its failure to provide Deliverables on or before the respective Estimated Date(s) of Delivery, regardless of the cause of such failure.

	•	Acceptance. Each Deliverable will be deemed materially compliant with the respective Work Statement and accepted by Client twenty-four (24) hours after Delivery if Client has not first provided NextGen with Notice of Non-Acceptance (“Acceptance”).

	•	Non-Acceptance. Client may reject a Deliverable only if such Deliverable materially deviates from the specifications of the respective Work Statement and Client provides NextGen with Notice setting forth the nature of the deviation within twenty-four (24) hours of Delivery (“Non-Acceptance”). In the event of Non-Acceptance, NextGen shall correct the deviation at no charge and redeliver the Deliverable to Client as soon as practicable. Redelivery after Non-Acceptance shall constitute a new Delivery, subject to the provisions of Subsections 3.b and 3.c.

	•	TERM. This Agreement commences on the Effective Date and continues until terminated pursuant to Section 10. Work Statements expire upon Acceptance of all respective Deliverables, unless terminated earlier pursuant to Section 10. 
 
	•	INVOICING AND PAYMENT. 

	•	Compensation. Client shall pay NextGen for Services on a fixed price or hourly price basis as set forth in the respective Work Statement. If Services are priced on a fixed price basis, the fixed price set forth in the Work Statement shall not be adjustable unless the Parties execute a Change Order. If Services are priced on an hourly basis, NextGen will promptly notify Client if it becomes aware that the actual price will exceed the estimated price set forth in the Work Statement by more than 10%; provided, however, that NextGen’s failure to provide such notice shall not affect Client’s payment obligations under this Agreement. The prices set forth in the Work Statement include all applicable sales, use, and excise taxes, and any other similar taxes, duties, and charges of any kind. 

	•	Expenses. Client shall promptly advance to NextGen all non-labor expenses reasonably necessary for the performance of Services at actual cost without any markup (“Expenses”). Upon execution of a Work Statement, Client shall pay to NextGen all Expenses identified therein. NextGen shall promptly notify Client of and deliver an invoice for any additional Expenses not identified in the Work Statement. 

	•	Non-Refundable Deposit. Upon execution of the Work Statement, Client shall pay to NextGen the deposit amount set forth therein (“Deposit"). Except as otherwise provided in Subsection 10.a, the Deposit shall not be refundable under any circumstances.

	•	Invoicing. NextGen shall invoice Client in accordance with the payment schedule set forth in the respective Work Statement, as well as for any Expenses not set forth in the Work Statement. If Services are priced on an hourly price basis, the invoice balance will be reduced by the Deposit amount.

	•	Payment. Client shall pay NextGen all invoiced amounts within thirty (30) days of delivery of each invoice. Client shall make each payment to NextGen in U.S. dollars or such other currency as may be agreed upon by the Parties. Client shall pay by check or electronic transfer as instructed by NextGen. 

	•	Nonpayment. If Client fails to render full payment when due, NextGen may (i) suspend performance of Services or (ii) terminate the Work Statement pursuant to Section 10 of this Agreement. NextGen may charge and accrue interest on any past due amounts without Payment Dispute of 1.5% per month, calculated daily and compounded monthly. NextGen shall not be liable for any delay in Deliverables resulting from nonpayment by Client, regardless of any Payment Dispute. Client shall indemnify NextGen for all expenses reasonably incurred in the collection of amounts due, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, courts costs, and collection agency fees. 

	•	Payment Dispute. If there is a good faith dispute regarding any invoice submitted by NextGen (“Payment Dispute”): (i) Client shall pay all undisputed amounts as required by Subsection 5.e; (ii) Client shall provide NextGen with Notice specifying the reason(s) for Payment Dispute within ten (10) days of receiving the invoice in question; (iii) the Parties shall seek to resolve Payment Dispute immediately pursuant to the process set forth in Section 11; (iv) NextGen may, in its sole discretion, suspend or stop performance of Services during term of Payment Dispute without liability for any delay in Delivery; and (v) Client shall pay any outstanding balance within five (5) days of the date on which the Payment Dispute is resolved. Failure by Client to notify NextGen of Payment Dispute within ten (10) days of receiving an invoice shall be deemed agreement to pay all amounts due under such invoice. 

	•	CONFIDENTIALITY. 

	•	Definition. “Confidential Information” means the following items either Party (“Discloser”) discloses to the other Party (“Recipient”): (i) any document marked “Confidential”; (ii) any information orally designated as “Confidential” by Discloser; and (iii) any nonpublic, proprietary information relating to Discloser’s business affairs, products, services, trade secrets, and other intellectual property rights, whether or not marked as “Confidential”. Confidential Information of Client includes any nonpublic or sensitive information processed or stored on computers or other electronic media by Client or on Client’s behalf, or provided to NextGen for such processing or storage, as well as any information derived from such information (“Client Data”), including but not limited to personally identifiable information of Client’s customers, users, or other counterparties. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Confidential Information does not include any information which: (i) is in Recipient’s possession prior to disclosure; (ii) is independently developed by Recipient without using Confidential Information; or (iii) becomes known publicly, before or after disclosure, other than as a result of Recipient’s improper action or inaction. 

	•	Nondisclosure; Exceptions. Recipient shall not disclose or authorize any third party to disclose Confidential Information of Discloser, except (i) as consented to in writing by Discloser, (ii) as reasonably necessary to facilitate Recipient’s obligations under this Agreement, (iii) as provided in Subsection 6.c, or (iv) as required by applicable law, provided that Recipient shall give Discloser prompt Notice of any such legal obligation and reasonably cooperate with Disclosure in any effort to obtain a protective order or otherwise contest the required disclosure, at Discloser’s expense. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Recipient shall protect Confidential Information with the same degree of care it uses to protect its own confidential information of similar nature and importance, but with no less than commercially reasonable care. Recipient shall promptly notify Discloser if it has actual knowledge of any misuse or misappropriation of Confidential Information. 

	•	Publicity. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Section 6, NextGen may use, publicly display, combine with other information or graphics, and reproduce Client’s name, logo, and Deliverables in any promotional materials or advertising, provided that NextGen shall use reasonable care to avoid disclosure of any Client Data incorporated into Deliverables. 

	•	Open Source. Notwithstanding any other provision of the Agreement, if the Work Statement provides for an open source license of Deliverables, public disclosure of Deliverables pursuant to such a license shall not be deemed a violation of this Section 6.  

	•	INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY. 

	•	Ownership of Deliverables. Except as set forth in Subsection 7.b and the respective Work Statement, NextGen is, and shall remain, the sole owner of all right, title, and interest in and to Deliverables, derivative works thereof, and intellectual property rights therein, including any copyrights, patents, patent disclosures, inventions (whether patentable or not), trademarks, service marks, trade secrets, know-how, and other confidential information, together with any and all goodwill associated therewith.

	•	License of Deliverables. To the extent the respective Work Statement does not (i) provide Client with full ownership, right, title, and interest in and to Deliverables, or (ii) license Deliverables pursuant to a designated open source license, NextGen grants Client a perpetual, fully paid, royalty-free, worldwide license to use, reproduce, distribute, publicly display, publicly perform, alter, modify, and create derivative works from Deliverables with the right to sublicense each and every such right as reasonably necessary for Client’s own business purposes; provided, however, that Client shall not do the following: (i) use a Deliverable in any manner that violates any law or the intellectual property rights of others; (ii) use a Deliverable for any purpose detrimental or commercially disadvantageous to NextGen, including to develop or provide competing Services; (iii) rent, lease, lend, sell, sublicense, assign, distribute, transfer, or otherwise make available a Deliverable to any third party, except as reasonably necessary to Client’s own business purposes as contemplated in the respective Work Statement; or (iv) bypass or breach any security device or protection used for or contained in a Deliverable. If Client violates, or knowingly allows any third party to violate, the foregoing restrictions, NextGen may: (i) disable Client or such third parties’ use of the Deliverable in question; and/or (ii) withhold, suspend, or revoke its grant of a license under this Subsection 7.b.

	•	Open Source License. If the Work Statement designates an open source license, Client agrees to all applicable terms and conditions of such license. Client understands and agrees that Deliverables will be freely available to the public for personal and commercial use, modification, sublicense, and sale in accordance with the applicable terms, and that NextGen shall not be liable or responsible to Client for any losses or injury that may arise from such third party use of Deliverables. Client understands and agrees that an open source license may reduce the commercial value of Deliverables to Client and voluntarily assumes all risk of loss arising from or related to such open source license of Deliverables. 

	•	Client Materials. Client is and shall remain the sole owner of all right, title, and interest in and to Client Materials. Client grants to NextGen a royalty-free, non-exclusive license to use, modify, reproduce, and create derivate works of Client Materials as reasonably necessary to perform Services.

	•	WARRANTIES. 

	•	Limited Warranty. NextGen warrants it shall perform Services: (i) in accordance with the terms and conditions and specifications set forth in the respective Work Statement and this Agreement; (ii) using personnel of commercially reasonable skill, experience, and qualifications; and (iii) in a workmanlike and professional manner in accordance with generally recognized industry standards for similar services provided by a similarly-sized company. For a period of one (1) year beginning on the date of Acceptance of a Deliverable, NextGen warrants that the Deliverable is free from any defects in workmanship under normal use and service; and performs materially as described in the respective Work Statement. In the event of a breach of this warranty, Client’s sole remedy and NextGen’s entire liability for such breach shall be the provision of Maintenance as set forth in Subsection 1.c. Notwithstanding the foregoing, NextGen shall not be obligated to cure any defects caused by Client having permitted anyone other than NextGen to modify, alter, amend, supplement, or otherwise change such Deliverable.

	•	Intellectual Property Warranties. Client represents and warrants NextGen that Client owns or otherwise has and will have the necessary rights and consents in and relating to the Client Materials so that, as received by NextGen and processed in accordance with this Agreement, they do not and will not infringe, misappropriate, or otherwise violate any intellectual property rights of any third party or violate any applicable Law. NextGen warrants that at the time of Delivery, a Deliverable shall not infringe or violate any third-party intellectual property rights; provided that such warranty shall not apply if the infringement or violation arises from Client Materials. In the event of a breach of this warranty by NextGen, Client’s sole remedy and NextGen’s entire liability is set forth in this Subsection 8.c. Within 60 days from receiving Client’s Notice of breach of the warranty, NextGen, at its sole expense and discretion, shall either repair or replace the Deliverable. 

	•	Disclaimer. EXCEPT FOR THE EXPRESS WARRANTIES SPECIFIED IN SECTION 8, ALL SERVICES AND DELIVERABLES ARE PROVIDED “AS IS” AND NEXTGEN DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, WITH RESPECT TO SERVICES OR DELIVERABLES, INCLUDING IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY ARISING FROM STATUTE, COURSE OF DEALING, COURSE OF PERFORMANCE, OR USAGE OF TRADE. 

	•	LIABILITY AND INDEMNITY.

	•	Limited Liability. IN NO EVENT WILL NEXTGEN BE LIABLE TO CLIENT OR TO ANY THIRD PARTY FOR: (i) ANY LOSS OF USE, REVENUE, OR PROFIT OR LOSS OF DATA OR DIMINUTION IN VALUE, OR (ii) ANY CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT, EXEMPLARY, SPECIAL, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES. NEXTGEN'S AGGREGATE LIABILITY UNDER THIS AGREEMENT WILL NOT EXCEED THE AGGREGATE AMOUNTS PAID TO NEXTGEN PURSUANT TO THE RESPECTIVE WORK STATEMENT.

	•	NextGen Indemnification. NextGen shall defend, indemnify, and hold harmless Client against any third-party claim, suit, or proceeding arising out of or related to infringement, misappropriation, or any other violation of such third-party’s intellectual property rights by Deliverables, except insofar as such violation arises from Client Materials. 

	•	Client Indemnification. Client shall defend, indemnify, and hold harmless NextGen against any third-party claim, suit, or proceeding arising out of or related to infringement, misappropriation, or any other violation of such third-party’s intellectual property rights (i) by Client Materials, or (ii) by NextGen’s performance of Services, or preparation of Deliverables, in compliance with specifications provided by Client. 

	•	TERMINATION. 

	•	By NextGen. 

	•	For Cause. NextGen may terminate a Work Statement or this Agreement if (i) Client materially breaches this Agreement; or (ii) NextGen determines that further work for Client will be detrimental to NextGen’s personnel or reputation, including but not limited to a determination that Client has engaged in harassment or abuse of NextGen workers, or is affiliated with any “hate group” designated by the Southern Poverty Law Center. In the event of termination under this Subsection 10.a.i, Client shall not be entitled to any refund of Deposit, Expenses, or any other amounts paid under the Work Statement. Termination is effective immediately upon delivery of Notice to Client.

	•	For Convenience. NextGen may terminate for any other reason, provided (i) NextGen gives Notice to Client at least thirty (30) days before the final Estimated Date of Delivery under the Work Statement, and (ii) NextGen provides a full refund of the Deposit, Expenses, and any other amounts paid under the Work Statement. Termination is effective immediately upon delivery of Notice to Client.

	•	By Client. Client may terminate a Work Statement or this Agreement effective immediately, if NextGen materially breaches a Work Statement or this Agreement and fails to cure such breach within thirty (30) days after receiving Notice of such breach. Client may otherwise terminate a Work Statement or this Agreement by providing NextGen with Notice and paying a termination fee equal to 15% of the total fixed price or estimated price set forth in any Work Statement. Such fee will be included in the final invoice sent to Client under Subsection 10.c. Client shall not be entitled to a refund of Deposit, Expenses, or any other amounts paid under the Work Statement. Termination is effective immediately upon delivery of Notice to NextGen.

	•	Effects. Termination of a Work Statement does not terminate this Agreement or any other Work Statement. Termination of this Agreement terminates all Work Statements hereunder. Upon Notice of termination: (i) NextGen shall immediately cease performance of Services under the respective Work Statement(s); (ii) each Party shall return all copies of Confidential Information to the other Party, or certify the destruction thereof; and (iii) NextGen shall issue a final invoice pursuant to Section 5. 

	•	Survival. The following provisions will survive termination of this Agreement: (i) any obligation of Client to pay for Services rendered before termination of this Agreement; (ii) Sections 6, 7, 8, 9, 11, and 14; and (iii) any other provision of this Agreement that must survive to fulfill its essential purpose. 

	•	DISPUTE RESOLUTION. If any dispute arises from or relates to this Agreement, or the breach thereof (“Dispute”), the Parties shall use the following procedure as the exclusive mechanism for resolving such Dispute: 

	•	Negotiation. Each Party shall promptly deliver Notice to the other Party of any Dispute, including the nature of the dispute and relief requested (“Dispute Notice”). The Parties shall negotiate in good faith to resolve such Dispute, including not fewer than two (2) negotiation sessions attended by a duly authorized representative of each Party. The first session shall be an informal negotiation between the Parties. If a second session is required, either Party may demand non-binding mediation by providing Notice to the other Party. Mediation shall occur within thirty (30) days of the delivery of the written demand, and shall be conducted by a mutually agreed upon mediator and in accordance with the mediation rules of the American Arbitration Association or any other rules to which the Parties mutually agree. The Parties shall cooperate in good faith to schedule mediation and select a mediator. One informal negotiation session and one non-binding mediation session are an express condition precedent to litigation of any Dispute, except for such Disputes arising from nonpayment by Client of amounts outstanding without Payment Dispute. In such an event, NextGen may directly file suit in a court of competent jurisdiction pursuant to Subsection 14.b.  

	•	Litigation as a Final Resort. If the Parties fail to resolve a Dispute for any reason, including if mediation does not occur within thirty (30) days of the delivery of the written demand because the Party that received the mediation demand fails to attend mediation or cooperate in the scheduling of mediation or selection of a mediator, the Party that demanded mediation may initiate the action, claim, or suit against the other Party in a court of competent jurisdiction pursuant to Subsection 14.b. 

	•	NOTICES. Any notice, certification, request, consent, claim, demand, waiver, and other communication under this Agreement (each, a “Notice”) must be in writing and will be deemed given: (i) when delivered by hand with written confirmation of receipt; (ii) on the date sent by email or other electronic transmission system with confirmation of transmission, if sent during normal business hours of recipient, or on the next business day if sent after normal business hours of the recipient; (iii) on the third business day after the date mailed by certified or registered mail (in each case, postage prepaid and return receipt requested). Notice must be sent to the respective Party at the address set forth on the signature page hereunder, or at such other address as specified by such Party with Notice. Delivery by mail to such address shall be effective service of process for any suit, action, or other proceeding brought in any such court. 
	•	Force Majeure.
	•	NextGen shall not be liable or responsible to the Client, nor be deemed to have defaulted under or breached this Agreement, for any failure or delay in fulfilling or performing any term of this Agreement, when and to the extent NextGen’s failure or delay is caused by or results from the following force majeure events ("Force Majeure Events"): (a) acts of God; (b) flood, fire, earthquake, tornado, snowstorm, or other severe weather; (c) epidemics, pandemics, or quarantines; (d) war, invasion, hostilities (whether war is declared or not), explosion, terrorist threats or acts, riot, or other civil unrest; (e) government order, law, or action; (f) embargoes, or blockades in effect on or after the date of this Agreement; (g) national or regional emergency; (h) strikes, labor stoppages or slowdowns, or other industrial disturbances; (i) shortage of adequate power or transportation facilities; or (j) any other event or circumstance beyond the reasonable control of NextGen, regardless of whether the event is similar to the foregoing. 

	•	NextGen shall give Notice within a reasonable time of the Force Majeure Event to the Client, stating the period of time the Force Majeure Event is expected to continue. NextGen shall use diligent efforts to end the failure or delay and minimize the effects of such Force Majeure Event. NextGen shall resume the performance of its obligations as soon as reasonably practicable after the removal of the cause. In the event that NextGen’s failure or delay remains uncured for a period of sixty (60) consecutive days following written Notice given by it under this Section, Client may terminate this Agreement subject to Subsection 10.b. Client shall not be entitled to any refund of Deposit, Expenses, or amounts already paid under the respective Work Statement.

	•	GENERAL PROVISIONS. 

	•	Governing Law. This Agreement is governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of Tennessee, without reference to any conflicts of law principle that would apply the substantive laws of another jurisdiction.  

	•	Jurisdiction. Any legal suit, action, or proceeding arising out of or related to this Agreement or the licenses granted hereunder will be instituted exclusively in the federal courts of the United States located in the Western District of Tennessee, or the courts of the State of Tennessee located in the city of Dyersburg and County of Dyer, and each party irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of such courts in any such suit, action, or proceeding. 

	•	Waiver of Jury Trial. EACH PARTY ACKNOWLEDGES THAT ANY CONTROVERSY THAT MAY ARISE UNDER THIS AGREEMENT, INCLUDING ANY WORK STATEMENTS OR CHANGE ORDERS, IS LIKELY TO INVOLVE COMPLICATED AND DIFFICULT ISSUES AND, THEREFORE, EACH PARTY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN RESPECT OF ANY LEGAL ACTION ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT. 

	•	Counterparts. This Agreement and any Work Statement or Change Order may be executed in one or more counterparts. Each counterpart will be deemed as an original, but all such counterparts will constitute a single instrument. 

	•	Construction. The Parties agree that the terms of this Agreement result from negotiations between them. This Agreement is not be construed in favor of or against either Party by reason of authorship. 

	•	Assignment. Neither Party may assign this Agreement or any of its rights or obligations hereunder without the other Party’s written consent. 

	•	Relationship of the Parties. The Parties are independent contractors with respect to each other. Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed as creating any agency, partnership, joint venture, or other form of joint enterprise, employment, or fiduciary relationship between the Parties. Neither Party shall be authorized to contract for or bind the other Party in any manner whatsoever. 

	•	Severability. If a provision of this Agreement is held to be invalid or otherwise unenforceable, such provision shall be interpreted to fulfill its intended purpose to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, and the remaining provisions of this Agreement shall continue in full force and effect. 

	•	No Waiver. No waiver under this Agreement shall be effective unless it is in writing and signed by the waiving Party. No waiver of a breach of this Agreement will constitute a waiver of any other or subsequent breach of this Agreement. 

	•	Amendments. This Agreement may not be modified except in a writing signed by a duly authorized representative of each Party. 

	•	Conflicts among Attachments. In the event of conflict between the main body of this Agreement and a Work Statement or Change Order, this main body of this Agreement will govern unless the Work Statement or Change Order specifically states its intent to amend the main body of the Agreement and cites the section(s) amended. In the event of conflict between Work Statements or Change Orders regarding the same subject matter, the more recent Work Statement or Change Order will take precedence over later ones. 

	•	Entire Agreement. This Agreement and the attachments hereunder set forth the entire agreement of the Parties and supersede all prior or contemporaneous writings, negotiations, and discussions with respect to its subject matter. Neither Party has relied upon any such prior nor contemporaneous communications. 

	•	No Third-Party Beneficiaries. This Agreement is for the sole benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns and nothing herein, express or implied, is intended to or shall confer upon any other person any legal or equitable right, benefit, or remedy of any nature whatsoever under or by reason of this Agreement.
	•	Attorneys' Fees. In the event that any action, suit, or other legal or administrative proceeding is instituted or commenced by either party against the other party arising out of this Agreement, the prevailing party is entitled to recover its reasonable attorneys' fees and court costs from the non-prevailing party.





**IN WITNESS WHEREOF, and intended to be legally bound, the Parties have caused this Agreement to be executed on their behalf by their duly authorized representatives intending it to take effect as of the Effective Date.**

CLIENT NAME (CLIENT) | NextGen Cooperative LLC
-------------------- | -----------------------
By:                  | By:
(Authorized Signature) | (Authorized Signature)
Name:                | Name:
Title:               | Title: Manager
Address:             | Address: 205 Walnut Lane Ext. Dyersburg, TN 38024
Email:               | Email: 
Tel:                 | Tel: 
Date:                | Date:
